Set browser targets for iOS Safari, Firefox, and Chrome (#15166)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Generate correct prefixes for iOS Safari, Firefox, and Chrome ([#15166](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/15166))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure any necessary vendor prefixes are generated for iOS Safari, Firefox, and Chrome ([#15166](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/15166))
```
